today I'm going to be making something
really really yummy and these are my
chocolate chip Easter Egg cookies so
let's get on with the ingredients 125
grams of granulated sugar some Cadbury
chocolate eggs one egg 270 grams of
all-purpose flour 115 grams of chocolate
chips 125 grams of brown sugar 120 grams
of unsalted butter 70 grams of vegetable
shortening 2 milliliters of salt 2 and
1/2 milliliters of baking soda and 10
milliliters of vanilla extract so those
are the ingredients so let's get started
for our first step I'm gonna get in all
of our butter and our shortening to that
I'm gonna add in the brown sugar and our
granulated sugar and we're gonna cream
this together but first I just want to
break down my brown sugar so that my
mixer can mix it up a little better I'll
grab my mixer but I just want to
incorporate both of those fats in with
the sugar
once that's starting to look like it's
getting cleaned up we can add in our egg
will sleep which will add a little bit
of moisture and help with a creaming
process I'll get in my vanilla Oh add in
my salt
once that screamed up nicely we'll add
in our flour and baking soda we'll grab
our all-purpose flour and a little bit
of baking soda and then we'll just get
that right in here
perfect
grab my mixer one more time what I just
want to start getting this incorporated
once that's well incorporated grab your
chocolate chips and just dump those in
Watson ingredients but very very quick
when it comes to actually making this
recipe
perfect so I've cleaned up and we're
ready to go I've got a little piece of
parchment paper on my baking tin and
I've got a medium-sized little cookie
scoop I'm gonna go oh that size and I do
have my oven set to 375 degrees
Fahrenheit I'm gonna grab the back of a
spoon and I'm just going to push these
out a little bit a little push that's
perfect and then I'm just gonna start
putting my beautiful little eggs all
over you can put one I think I'm gonna
go three I think that would be nice on
our last one perfect so now I'm gonna
pop these into my oven for about 10 to
12 minutes so my first batch just came
out of the oven and they smell amazing
and they look really really cute
so these baked for a total of 12 minutes
in my 375 degree fahrenheit oven I've
got another batch going in the oven I'm
gonna let those bake off and they'll
come back and I'll show you all them at
the end of our video so here we are
again at the end of another video this
batch made a total of thirty cookies
three of them have been eaten but here
we have them really really nice really
good recipe even if you don't have the
little Cadbury eggs try this recipe out
if you want them on the chewier side
you're gonna go around eight nine
minutes if you want them a little bit
more crunchy you can go 10 or 11 minutes
and just before I go let's just break
into one I'll show you what they look
like look at this oh really really
really good
yeah Ruta Lee really nice so that's it
for this video I hope you enjoyed it and
I'll see you next time
you